Add pre-commit and fix issues (#142)
nginxinc/nginx-plus-go-client: CONTRIBUTING.md

Read the usage and testing steps in the [README](README.md).

## Contributing

### Report a Bug

To report a bug, open an issue on GitHub with the label `bug` using the available bug report issue template. Please
ensure the issue has not already been reported.

### Suggest an Enhancement

To suggest an enhancement, please create an issue on GitHub with the label `enhancement` using the available feature
issue template.

### Open a Pull Request

- Fork the repo, create a branch, submit a PR when your changes are tested and ready for review
- Fill in [our pull request template](.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)

> **Note**
>

> > If you’d like to implement a new feature, please consider creating a feature request issue first to start a discussion
> > about the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you’d like to implement a new feature, start by creating a feature request issue to start a discussion
> about the feature.
```
Suggested re-wording. Let me know what you think.

Reviewer 2: This should technically follow the same governance structure that we have in place with NIC and NKG.
However, this PR is not the time to address that.

Author: I will update the guide in another PR 👍
